I'd trade white sand beaches for
icebergs any day
you're never going to be crowded on the
beach in Iceland the frozen fingers and
cold lips and your chest is heavy from
just your breath its adverse but it's so
worth it
I started my career you know as as a
landscape photographer that's all I ever
cared about
I think that there's a simple beauty
that comes to being able to have a tool
that allows you to capture something as
vividly and as as graphically as you
remember it and for so much of my life
as a photographer I've been searching
for that tool
I think these places remain empty
because they just they just don't know
what's out there you know there's
there's a willingness to want to go
farther go deeper explore more and
that's what drives me as a photographer
that's what's always driven me to want
to see what's around that next bend
it's what really drives you know the
human soul to want to document and
create and discover
I always wanted the opportunity to be
able to shoot a picture of these
Northern Lights and the best quality
that is available today and bringing the
phase one here that was kind of what I
set out to do
there's really few cameras nowadays they
can really do justice to these dramatic
rich landscapes that you find and being
able to get my hands on a phase one was
like a dream come true
the ocean for years has been considered
by a lot of the locals in these places
such a dangerous scary place and the
easy you know these professionals
working in such an amazing way